c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\bin\Release\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\bin\Release\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\bin\Release\ValidationIssues.xml
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Hyak.Common.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ImageSharingWebRole.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Hyak.Common.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ImageSharingWebRole.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ImageSharingWebRole.pdb
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ImageSharingWorkerRole.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ImageSharingWorkerRole.dll.config
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ImageSharingWorkerRole.pdb
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Azure.Common.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Owin.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\bin\WebMatrix.Data.StronglyTyped.dll
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\WebMatrix.Data.StronglyTyped.dll
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWorkerRole\WebMatrix.Data.StronglyTyped.pdb
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Content\bootstrap.css
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Content\bootstrap.min.css
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Content\Site.css
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Content\Site_ADA.css
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\favicon.ico
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.eot
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.svg
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.ttf
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Global.asax
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Images\PinkFloyd.png
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\packages.config
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\bootstrap.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\bootstrap.min.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\jquery-1.10.2.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\jquery-1.10.2.min.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\jquery-1.10.2.min.map
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\jquery.validate.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\jquery.validate.min.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\modernizr-2.6.2.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\respond.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\respond.min.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Scripts\_references.js
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\ConfirmEmail.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\Delete.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\ExternalLoginConfirmation.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\ExternalLoginFailure.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\ForgotPassword.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\ForgotPasswordConfirmation.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\Login.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\Register.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\ResetPassword.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\ResetPasswordConfirmation.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\SendCode.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\VerifyCode.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Account\_ExternalLoginsListPartial.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Home\About.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Home\Contact.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Home\Index.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\Approve.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\Delete.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\Details.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\Edit.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\ImageViews.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\ListAll.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\ListByTag.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\ListByUser.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\Query.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\QueueMessages.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Images\Upload.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Manage\AddPhoneNumber.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Manage\ChangePassword.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Manage\Index.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Manage\ManageLogins.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Manage\SetPassword.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Manage\VerifyPhoneNumber.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Shared\Layout.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Shared\Lockout.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Shared\_LoginPartial.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\Web.config
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml
C:\Users\joshi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\ImageSharingWithCloudServices\obj\Release\ImageSharingWebRole\Web.config
